fix: Include `model_rebuild` for input types as well (#283)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

> ## Unreleased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.14.0 (Unreleased)
```

> - Fixed `model_rebuild` for input types with forward references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-added `model_rebuild` calls for input types with forward references.
```
